>> Scott: All right, so let's get into the
next topic which is gonna be event types.
So I'm gonna go to my AWS here.
>> Scott: Or
one of the ones I made for this.
>> Scott: Yeah, go there.
>> Scott: See if I can
remember the login here.
>> Scott: Yea, all right,
so this is the AWS console.
It looks better than it used to be.
But [LAUGH] it's still the AWS console.
I always make a joke that if you click on
this Service tab and you pick two things,
maybe three, and build a GUI around it,
you got a startup.
That's a startup.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Scott: Any two or
three of these things.
You'd probably get away with one.
And you just build a better experience
over it, and then you got to startup and
they'll buy you, that's it.
So if you're thinking about it,
just remember you learned it here.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Scott: So we're gonna go
to the lambdas, and this is where you're
gonna be doing most of your work.
So what we just did before was we
wrote a lambda on our machine,
we didn't deploy it but
we wrote a lambda there.
Now I'm going to show you what you would
have to do if you didn't have serverless
framework, and how when lambda first
came out what you basically did.
So you can see right here I
only have one lambda here for
this region in Northern California.
Here's the one lambda.
I already redeployed this lambda,
it's the Service Developer API.
If I click on it,
you get this nice console.
Again, this looks way
better than it used to be.
It used to be so
bad I would never look in here, but
it's definitely a lot better now.
So the important things I wanna talk about
is kinda what's matching up with our
serverless file and
different things like that.
>> Scott: Don't worry about
the API gateway stuff,
we'll get there in a minute.
But the important thing
to notice here is that
when you go from local to AWS, the service
framework does a lot of things for
you, and we'll get into those things
when we talk about deployment.
But I just want to give you some context
just in case as I'm scrolling you're going
to see some stuff like,
we didn't set any of that up.
We didn't set up CloudWatch logs or
API gateway.
That's fine, we'll get into that for
deployment, but
we don't really have to do a lot of that.
Serverless is gonna do that for us.
But the thing that I wanted to
talk about is a few things.
One, if you check out the runtime
with the lambda it says 8.10.
If you go look at the Serverless YML you
notice that it's the same runtime that we
put here, so it's doing a lot of
that stuff for us in the background.
But the important thing that I really
wanna talk about are these events.
So at the top, if you click on Test,
you will get this drop-down that says
Event Template, and it says Hello World.
If you just scroll
through all these events,
these are all the events that your
lambda can subscribe to from AWS.
It's kinda ridiculous,
I'm just gonna name a few of them.
I mean there's literally a group
full of just Alexa events.
So if you wanna write lambdas that
responded to Alexa smart home,
here's all of them right here.
And your lambda could,
I know everybody's thinking, man,
I could do some crazy stuff.
Yeah, I know, you really can.
There's a lot of crazy stuff,
and that's just Alexa.
And then you get to
the AWS specific things,
the more practical things you're
probably doing day to day.
This list is just growing,
as I'm scrolling it's growing.
So some of the common one
that I find myself using,
and a little description on those,
CloudFront AB testing.
This is actually really cool.
You can do a lot of things with this,
especially if you get into lambda
on the Edge, which I can talk about later
if anyone's interested in Edge computing.
That's really cool, and basically that
allows you to do exacting what it says,
AB testing.
CloudFront is AWS's CDN,
so it's an Edge network.
And this allows you to do AB
testing on the Edge using a lambda.
So now you can write functions that exist
on the Edge nearest to your customers,
which is ridiculous.
And they keep expanding the parameters for
those functions.
Those functions used to be
very minimum resources,
now they're actually very
intensive in resources.
You can connect to databases
on the Edge if you wanted to,
which before you couldn't have done that.
So you can imagine the possibilities
there, it's kind of ridiculous,
you don't even need
an origin server anymore.
Another good one that I use a lot and
that we'll be using here,
is gonna be AWS gateway, AWS proxy,
whcih we're gonna be talking about next.
This is basically saying
you wanna create an API and
have the lambdas be the things that
respond to your API basically.
They're like the controllers for your API,
we we'll be talking more about that.
That's probably the most
heavily used one for
sure cuz it's literally creating an API.
>> Scott: SES email receiving, this one's
really cool because you can basically,
if you use SES, simple email service, with
AWS and you have all your emails coming in
through there,
you can have a lambda subscribed to that.
So whenever you get an email,
you can do something.
Now imagine the possibilities there.
I mean, there's literally,
you can do so much stuff with that.
I just got an email from somebody,
run this lambda function, and
that lambda functions gets the email
as a payload with all the context, and
all the good stuff on it.
So there's some pretty crazy
things you can do there.
We're using it for things like if someone
sends an email to our support, our
technical support, we automatically open
up an issue on GitHub with that person.
And when it gets closed,
that sends another lambda to email
them that the issue got closed.
So it's automatic resolutional issues
with us without us having to do anything,
and that's all lambdas.
It's costing us pennies a year.
>> Scott: CloudWatch
logs is another good one.
Basically it's subscribing
to logs from CloudWatch.
Really good for
picking things off a stream.
If you have a constant stream of events
through CloudFront or anything that you're
loged into, you can pick those off and
send them through some pipeline or
some ETL service or
some data warehouse for processing later.
Really good source, we use it for keeping
track of API calls and things like that.
>> Scott: And then another good one is,
>> Scott: S3, yeah, S3 put and delete.
This one's really cool because
you can basically can respond to
events inside of S3.
So if you've never used S3 before,
it's basically just Amazon's
file system in the cloud, right.
You can upload assets to it,
and it's everywhere.
So that's S3.
Now you can subscribe to
those events on those files.
So if I have a folder of files and
someone adds a file to it,
like a user uploaded an image,
I can now run a lambda function, right.
So I can grab that image and
resize it, or pre-process it, or
abstract it, or crop it, things like that.
And vice versa, if they delete it,
I can also do different things, like go
clear the cache or something like that.
So that's really powerful,
to do things like that.
And again,
those are some of the ones that I use.
I think we use a lot more here,
we're experimenting with a lot of stuff.
And again, it just keeps going on and
on and on.
I don't even know what this lec stuff is,
I've never even heard of this.
Book a car, book a hotel,
I don't even know what that is but
it sounds interesting.
So, [LAUGH] if you wanna run
a lambda whenever you book a hotel,
this is where you would do it.
So, if anybody ever looks that up, you
let me know what that is, that's awesome.